# ArticulationPoint_Tarjan
similar to Bridge concept, def: if removing this vertex, the graph gets disconnected. Used in identifying the Vulnerability in Networks.
When do we say a vertex is an Articulation Point ? 1. (Corner Node)When Par = -1 and "disconnected" child nodes are greater than 1 2. When par != -1, dt[u]<low[v](same as bridge condition, only one way), and also dt[u]=low[v]. why? even when a cycle is formed at articulation point, if you do dfs there, you will get dt[u]=low[v], therefore when par!=-1, and if dt[u]<=low[v], that an articulation point.
Now lets understand what actually is a Child node ? When we are accessing a neighbour from curr node, there are 3 possibilities, the neighbour could be parent of the curr node, second, the neighbour is already visited by someone (therefore called ancestor- Back edge), third, when the node is Unvisited, this is said to be a Child of curr node. We learned these 3 conditions in Bridge as well. 
So here we use vis array, dt, low, time just as bridge algo. Along with them we use child=0, also a Boolean array to get AP >> Initialization
Then we check three condition when we access neighbour. 1. If neigh id parent, just continue 2. if Neighbour is already visited, updated low 3. If neight is not visited, then update low, check AP condition when par != -1. At the end update child after every dfs loop, because we accessed a neightbour right. We track only disconnected child (Important), and how are we doing it, at the end of DFS we are updating Child count. 
We have another condition to check after DFS, i.e when par=-1 and child is greater then 1, there is a AP
